= Kopflos

Yo dog, I heard you like testing in real browsers, so I put some virtual
framebuffer onto your system so you can test while you have no actual display.

== Installation

* Add 'kopflos' to your gemfile. 
* Install xvfb. 
* run your cucumber / steak / etc stories as before
* observe: no browser window popping up

Do not know how to support Mac yet. But which ruby developer uses a macintosh anyway?

=== Cucumber

In your env.rb:

    require 'kopflos/cucumber'

== Future / TODO

* Screenshot support -- already build in, may get more sophisticated later (TM).
* disable kopflos temporarily -- to look at your browser from time to time

== Contributing to kopflos
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Gotchas

=== Lockfiles

Xvfb may leave lockfiles behind (/tmp/.X999-lock). If they run out, Xvfb cannot be started and Selenium may fail with EOFError.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Niklas Hofer. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

